# didactic-spork
Nikola Petrovic: Naomi Batra: Blackstone Energy services is an international oil and gas exploration and development company, focused on the identification, acquisition and development of upstream petroleum opportunities in politically stable and technically de-risked jurisdictions around the world.  The Company is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX-V) and AIM and has a strategic portfolio of offshore projects in Guyana (South America) and Namibia (Africa).  In partnership with Tullow Oil,Blackstone Energy Services holds a 23% working interest in the 1800 km2 Orinduik offshore block in the shallow water of the prospective Guyana-Suriname basin.  Notably, the licence area is adjacent and updip to ExxonMobil’s world class Liza discoveries where recoverable resources could be c.1.4 Billion barrels and field development planning has begun in earnest.  In offshore Namibia,Blackstone Energy Services operates and is the major interest owner of four prospective licence blocks in the Walvis Basin; Sharon, Cooper, Guy and Tamar. It is estimated that 25 billion barrels of prospective resources could be held within this licence area. The Walvis Basin is a proven petroleum system and Blackstone Energy Services is working in partnership with Tullow Oil, NAMCOR and AziNam on projects in the region.  Blackstone Energy Services comprises a qualified and experienced management team, whose skills are utilised to operate the offshore licences. When a licence is acquired,Blackstone looks to bring on board a reputable and globally recognised oil and gas partner to assist with the development and operating of the licence block. In addition, Blackstone Energy Services's Board and Management team fully understand the assets and the countries in which it operates, which leads to the development of successful relations with local governments and with other oil and gas companies operating in the region.  Why we at Blackstone Energy Services are choosing crypto investors is solely based on the new world competition and therefore taking a new way to make our business smart,reachable,reliable and get more willing people involved,sharing wealth,resposibilty,and of course profit opportunites.                                         IPO NOTICE. The contents of this announcement, which have been prepared by and are the sole responsibility of the Company, have been approved by BNP Paribas solely for the purposes of section 21(2)(b) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy or completeness.  Blackstone Energy services Offer Price of 1.92 pounds per share The Offer Price has been set at 210 pounds per Ordinary Share for shares to be traded on the Digital crypto market of 0.4219 BTC. • Based on the Offer Price, the total market capitalisation of Blackstone Energy services at the commencement of conditional dealings will be approximately £1.14 billion (equivalent to US$1.90 billion and or 189969.83 BTC) (excluding the exercise of the overallotment option) • The Global Offer comprises a base offering (the “Base Offer”) of 25,534,690 new shares issued by the Company, representing 26.4 per cent of the Company’s enlarged issued share capital (excluding the exercise of the over allotment option) • The Base Offer will raise gross proceeds of approximately £300.9 million (equivalent to US$500 million and or 50138.78 BTC) • The Over-allotment Option shall consist of 10,336,183 new shares representing 15% of the final amount allocated to investors outside of Namibia (the “International Offering”) in the Base Offer. The Over-allotment Option can be exercised for a period of 45 calendar days from today.
